this video is in part because of one
unique conversation I had with one guy
once when I was in China I met a
construction worker then keep in mind
there's a 21st century lotta guys
working construction while earning a
good living there's a time when that was
like a stereotypical kind of low wage
job and he asked me what's have a work
I've been doing back then so this is
using years and years ago this is before
I got married him before I got divorced
and before I had a kid this is ages gone
China not like two weeks ago in China or
something right and this guy asked me a
question nobody had ever asked me before
he said in those lines of work that
you've been involved in what I've been
discussing so in museum work in be
involved in academia and going to
academic conferences and he's in these
things I've been doing things have been
discussed within the net so he said how
do you approach and how do you start
relationships with women
you mean and those ones work and he was
actually speaking from experience you
have some experience at that time lately
approaching and talking to people he
said how do you you know years ago and I
remember you know my completely
spontaneous answer at the time I've
given it no thought nobody advise me I
didn't think anyone would ask me that I
said honestly I think the main trick
it's not what you say it's actually
listening to them as that most of those
women because he was asking about the
fields I've been working in and so on I
said you know there were women in the
museum field and the war in a line of
work it was like okay well this is our
10-year plan to do this research on
these teapots and the most real thing
for them was having someone it was it
was even willing to listen you know
whether at the workplace or in their
family life or their dating life even if
they're already a relationship or their
boyfriend or whatever they're surrounded
by people who do not want to hear them
talk about you know restoration work on
those almost deep thoughts so that was
the first time that ever occurred to me
and then the other thing is you and I
have done some kind of critiquing
response videos to the world of dating
advice that exists in the internet stuff
like based Zeus and a lot of that stuff
there's the sort of unstated assumption
about the type of woman you're hitting
on right so this is a real
remember base who says this at one point
he talks about just walking up to a
woman at the gym and hitting on her by
saying like hey do you like to play
badminton oh no ok then how about
volleyball and then you go oh they look
ok in Western culture a little is this
Los Angeles is this you know one binning
look even that's a big difference right
London England versus Los Angeles what
kind of woman plausibly or actually we'd
need a complete stranger in the gym and
then just go play volleyball with them
with nothing else in common
in the 21st century you know you don't
know each other on Facebook you never
met before
you have no commenters because like in
my opinion to even go and play
volleyball or something with a co-worker
like a guy you know from work that's not
that spontaneous or light-hearted the
decision for most women for most
intelligently just women of any
description you know I mean I'm not
saying there is zero women out there who
would do that this kind of like
light-hearted spontaneous like oh I just
met this guy at the gym and decided to
go play badminton with them and then and
then went out for drinks and then slept
with him like that's actually what the
feeble basis is trying to sell you is
that this is gonna happen if you if you
follow his advice instructions and like
part of my response to that is okay
thanks Lou
what kind of woman is that going to
happen with because if you tried a
hundred times at the gym maybe one time
one hundred will work if you walk up on
a hundred different women and say hey
wanna play badminton and then you manage
to politely playing badminton into date
night into you know the hotel well you
know this is a committed relationship
that's been gone for a million years
that you know but we don't tell remember
loss but you know if you just think
through what kind of woman is that
plausible with you know what feel what
kind of woman is that good advice and
then I also flip it around and I
challenge the guys and say nope
guy is that good advice what kind of man
are you
if you're the man who follows that
advice and does this a hundred times and
whether you get good results or bad
results you know this is your path this
is how you're living your life I think
there's some hard questions there that
may lead to some interesting answers and
so I think the kind of honest and
unanswered side of the equation is how
do you meet intelligent women how do you
frankly hit on intelligent how do you
strike up conversation with or start a
relationship with a woman how do you
seduce intelligent women want to pray
that way how do you start dating them
and then how do you how do you sustain
the relationship like obviously you
could write a book on that you could
write a lot of things about that but
first and foremost they got to put in
the disclaimer
you know I've met intelligent women with
no formal education and with no
professional accomplishments right like
intelligence here
I shouldn't be confused with highly
educated and shouldn't be confused with
highly accomplished and of course one of
the reasons why you need women who are
very intelligent but don't have
education or compliments is because
education cost money and access to
opportunity to be highly accomplished
also above all else reflects so much
wealth they have in their family or for
them personally or what have lee what
have you but I have met women who are
highly highly intelligent I think this
this advice would apply to them so you
know this is a pretty short video I
think I could write a book on this but
probably better if I talk to other guys
who really oh if you interviewed other
guys or this kind of experience I'll
talk about lone biased I guess later on
in the video because I do have a weird
sort of bias in dealing with this topic
and my bias is that most of the
intelligent women I meet I'm not
interested in I don't want to pursue a
relationship with them so it's really
not like I had the experience of hitting
on tons of these when a lot of the time
I was the one rejecting the woman or
whatever coming out of the the
interactions that brings to the brings a
strange kind of bias to bear on it that
for me I think one of the most
outstanding facts about intelligent
women as such intelligent women whether
they think of themselves as an
intellectual or not whether they're
highly educated or not whether they're
highly
cops are not because you give me a
highly intelligent woman and you let's
say she reads books and cares about the
world and has some kind of engagement on
some topic does she maybe working as a
waitress tells me no one who's highly
intelligent but works in the pure
sciences and doesn't read any books and
there's no anything with its own world
that's especially hard to handle but you
know someone who's highly intelligent
that lives in a kind of self-selected
ignorance and not my type by that's out
there um I think one of the main things
they're they're burdened with and this
relates back to my first anecdote is the
sense of being unappreciated and of
looking for that appreciation from the
men in their lives that they may not get
from their own family that they beyond
that from their own co-workers that they
may not get from the court both both
lines are currently with like if they're
already in a relationship and that they
probably don't get from their female
friends and colleagues and so on you
know why is that so important you know
if you think of a stereotypical aspiring
poet male or female I think the struggle
is much harder for a woman in our
society in every society I know of
whether it's China or Canada frankly if
you think of someone who who wants to be
a poet who wants to be thought of as a
poet even if it's just a hobby one
aspect of that is a tendency to try to
seek out other people who are poets or
other people who can appreciate poetry
who are leading the same poetry they're
reading who are going to respond to
their work or respond to their
aspirations and respond to the same
books they're reading and it's gonna
form their sense of identity as a poet
or at least that someone who's
interested in poetry someone who's a
serious amateur put it that way
right and you can take that framework
and delete the word poetry and replace
it with almost any form of special
interest an intelligent person might
have and most really intelligent people
have at least five or six things that
they care about and none of them are
going to be video games unless they're
actually in the video game industry
making video games just to be plumb it's
not going to be something that passive
right so I mean if you guys watch my
channel you know I have a whole bunch of
special interests and no doubt I mean
that's
exactly if a woman were trying to seduce
me that'd be the way to do it would be a
woman would approach me and what you
have in common with me was
impersonations languages this is someone
who did research on Klee and a Jim play
or mohawk or something so walks up in
the converse it okay I know you have
this interest this is what I've been
doing lately too I have this interest in
ecology that can be common ground that
you work on or what have you but look
you know the reason why I say I think
the struggle is a lot harder for for
women in every society of known it's
real easy for me as a six foot three
you know white male to put on a suit and
I'm like and I'll say I don't have a
feather you know I'm a well-spoken
imposing whatnot
I can put on a suit and show up at any
conference anywhere in the world and be
taken serious I could probably do that
in a conference on like theoretical
physics something I'm not a specialist
in at all but yeah it's probably right
there are people who just treat me as an
expert good I'm good I have a deep voice
I talk in a confident way on a graph
like an expert to work oh okay what
field of physics are you in with it's
really easy for me to front but in the
other hand we're talking was theoretical
physics but in all kinds of fields are
doing some expertise and I do as a
veteran I'm normally not fronting I
throw up as I show up at events I try
not to throw up at us
I show up at events you know again
whether it's related to languages of
study or history or politics or whatever
the topic is and it's whether I'm
delivering a paper or you know I'm just
in the audience it's really easy for me
to be taken seriously I'm really easy
for me to get that recognition and for a
lot of women it's not for a lot of women
there laughs that is fear that you can't
exist let them do that by their own
parents their lives I think in England
that's worse than isn't all should you
still study poetry older years you still
study English literature also you're
making any money out of that University
degree you've got English literature or
your lips a lot of women are ridiculed
this way about the things that will
really
they really care about you know when
maybe it is maybe is some language they
study or you know whatever it is you
know a lot a lot of intelligent women
whether it's the family or the workplace
or the romantic with and remember they
may be swept off their feet by a great
guy let's say an intelligent woman the
same thing most intelligent women are
very very good at seducing the men they
lot that's something about intelligent
women think it's true almost across the
board however a lot of intelligent women
one of the the experienced either of
seducing a guy it may be a great guy in
many many ways we were being seduced by
a guy in the great many ways but he has
absolutely zero appreciation for those
things that matter to her in life
whether it's poetry or twelfth-century
teapots or languages or politics or
science whatever it is she really cares
about so she has a relationship that in
some ways is great but knowing away at
her is this sense of for identity you
know as an intellectual and so on and
that's probably the number one warning
when you get past the meeting and dating
stage with intelligent women I think
intelligent women are the easiest to
seduce when they already have a
boyfriend or if they're already married
it's the easiest one to make that break
because a lot of them consciously or
unconsciously want that affirmation of
their sense of identity as an
intellectual as a poet as whatever the
key as a scientist as so many characters
for the server size whatever the case
may be and if they if they don't feel
they're getting that from the boyfriend
or the husband they already have they're
gonna really respond to it as soon as it
it appears to them you know coming from
another from another man so yeah I you
know I have my own bias in this and my
bias is that unlike these supposed
pickup artists from my perspective the
ultimate game is no game what I meet
women and talk to women I don't lie
about a goddamn thing I including the
fact that I don't pretend to be
interested when I'm not interested right
so you know the vasa brands and the vast
majority of intelligent women I've met
I've only wanted to know them has
leagues I haven't wanted a woman did
relation with them and then that can
create an awkward dynamic if they all
romantically interested in me and I'm
not averse in their do so you know all
kinds of cereals I think that's you know
just how I live my life and obviously
most guys with these channels they're
trying to get huge numbers they're
trying to get a big diversity of
experience and they you know they don't
have the the kind of biased perspective
on these things that I do you know I
don't get it in a sense I don't get how
it is that so many men think they can
you know sleep with women they have
contempt for and in the end after a
pretty short period of time not end up
feeling contempt for themselves and when
you think about it you can just replace
the word sleep with with just associate
with just the company you keep
but but it's so much more than that you
know whether you really love somebody or
you just pretend to love somebody
the intimate relations in our lives with
the few hours of our day that are not
dominated by earning money and spending
money it's so meaningful and so
important that you spend that with
somebody whom you respect and we're
there respect for you matters and is
meaningful that I really profoundly
can't appreciate or relate to the beast
Zeus PUA you know perspective on the
world and then the flip side of that is
that I can relate to the men who are out
there or even they're a tiny minority
men who are really interested in
pursuing intelligent women and I can
also I think really sympathize with this
mechanic I'm describing which is that
intelligent women are out there and
whether they're conscious of it or not
the main quality they're looking for in
a man is in effect a man who will listen
to them in a way that makes the
intelligent woman aware of her own
intelligence that conforms her sense of
herself affirms her sense of identity as
an intelligent woman as an intellectual
as a poet as a painter as a scientist
whatever it may be and
that is a mode of listening that I think
no pickup artist is going to teach you
and no ph.d program is going to teach
you but that we as men can really work
on and maybe it's going to pause the
benefits in our personal lives in our
work lives and beyond